#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/deploy.in
#
alembic==1.10.2
    # via flask-migrate
analytics-python==1.4.post1
    # via -r requirements/app.in
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
backoff==1.10.0
    # via analytics-python
blinker==1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sentry-sdk
cachelib==0.9.0
    # via
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   flask-session
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via flask
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via limits
dnspython==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   email-validator
    #   pymongo
    #   sweetrpg-db
email-validator==1.3.1
    # via wtforms
flask==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-dotenv
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   flask-session
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
flask-caching==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-dotenv==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-migrate==4.0.4
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-mongoengine==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-oauthlib==0.9.6
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-rest-jsonapi==0.31.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
flask-session==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.0.3
    # via flask-migrate
flask-wtf==1.1.1
    # via flask-mongoengine
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
hiredis==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements/deploy.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via limits
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via flask
kanka==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
limits==3.3.1
    # via python-logstash-async
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.19.0
    # via
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   marshmallow-jsonapi
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-model-core
marshmallow-jsonapi==0.24.0
    # via
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
mongoengine==0.26.0
    # via
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
monotonic==1.6
    # via analytics-python
oauthlib==2.1.0
    # via
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   limits
    #   marshmallow
pylogbeat==2.0.0
    # via python-logstash-async
pymongo[srv]==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   mongoengine
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-model-core
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   analytics-python
python-dotenv==0.19.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements/app.in
python-logstash-async==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
pyyaml==6.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
redis==4.5.4
    # via -r requirements/app.in
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   analytics-python
    #   kanka
    #   python-logstash-async
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.1.0
    # via flask-oauthlib
sentry-sdk[flask]==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==2.0.8
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
sweetrpg-api-core==0.0.113
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
sweetrpg-db==0.0.102
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
sweetrpg-library-objects==0.0.193
    # via -r requirements/app.in
sweetrpg-model-core==0.0.111
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   limits
    #   sqlalchemy
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.21
    # via -r requirements/deploy.in
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via flask
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via deprecated
wtforms[email]==3.0.1
    # via
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   flask-wtf

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
