#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/dev.in
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
alembic==1.7.3
    # via flask-migrate
analytics-python==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
attrs==21.2.0
    # via pytest
babel==2.9.1
    # via sphinx
backoff==1.10.0
    # via analytics-python
backports.entry-points-selectable==1.1.0
    # via virtualenv
black==21.9b0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
blinker==1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   -r requirements/tests.in
cachelib==0.3.0
    # via
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   flask-session
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==2.0.4
    # via requests
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
coverage[toml]==5.5
    # via
    #   coverage-badge
    #   pytest-cov
coverage-badge==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
distlib==0.3.2
    # via virtualenv
dnspython==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   email-validator
    #   pymongo
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   rstcheck
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
email-validator==1.1.3
    # via wtforms
filelock==3.0.12
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
flask==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-dotenv
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   flask-session
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-library-model
flask-caching==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-dotenv==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-migrate==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-mongoengine==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-oauthlib==0.9.6
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-rest-jsonapi==0.31.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
flask-session==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via flask-migrate
flask-wtf==0.15.1
    # via flask-mongoengine
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   -r requirements/tests.in
    #   sqlalchemy
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
idna==3.2
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via sphinx
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   sphinx
kanka==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
mako==1.1.5
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.13.0
    # via
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   marshmallow-jsonapi
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-model-core
marshmallow-jsonapi==0.24.0
    # via flask-rest-jsonapi
mongoengine==0.23.1
    # via
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-library-model
monotonic==1.6
    # via analytics-python
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
oauthlib==2.1.0
    # via
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   pallets-sphinx-themes
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
pallets-sphinx-themes==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pep517==0.11.0
    # via pip-tools
pip-tools==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
platformdirs==2.3.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
pymongo[srv,tls]==3.12.0
    # via
    #   mongoengine
    #   sweetrpg-model-core
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tests.in
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==3.0
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   analytics-python
python-dotenv==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   -r requirements/tests.in
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements/app.in
pytz==2021.1
    # via babel
pyyaml==6.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
redis==3.5.3
    # via -r requirements/app.in
regex==2021.8.28
    # via black
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   analytics-python
    #   kanka
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sphinx
requests-oauthlib==1.1.0
    # via flask-oauthlib
rstcheck==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sentry-sdk==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements/app.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinx==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.in
    #   pallets-sphinx-themes
    #   sphinx-issues
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinxcontrib-log-cabinet
sphinx-issues==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinx-tabs==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-log-cabinet==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==1.4.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   alembic
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
sweetrpg-api-core @ git+https://github.com/sweetrpg/api-core.git@develop
    # via -r requirements/app.in
sweetrpg-db @ git+https://github.com/sweetrpg/db.git@develop
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-library-model
sweetrpg-library-model @ git+https://github.com/sweetrpg/library-model.git@develop
    # via -r requirements/app.in
sweetrpg-model-core @ git+https://github.com/sweetrpg/model-core.git@develop
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-library-model
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomli==1.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   pep517
tox==3.24.4
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via black
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
virtualenv==20.8.0
    # via tox
werkzeug==2.0.1
    # via flask
wheel==0.37.0
    # via pip-tools
wtforms[email]==2.3.3
    # via
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   flask-wtf

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
