#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/docs.in
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
alembic==1.7.5
    # via flask-migrate
analytics-python==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
babel==2.9.1
    # via sphinx
backoff==1.10.0
    # via analytics-python
blinker==1.4
    # via -r requirements/app.in
cachelib==0.4.1
    # via
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   flask-session
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via requests
click==8.0.3
    # via flask
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via redis
dnspython==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   email-validator
    #   pymongo
    #   sweetrpg-db
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   rstcheck
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
email-validator==1.1.3
    # via wtforms
flask==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-dotenv
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   flask-session
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
flask-caching==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-dotenv==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-migrate==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-mongoengine==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-oauthlib==0.9.6
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-rest-jsonapi==0.31.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
flask-session==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via flask-migrate
flask-wtf==1.0.0
    # via flask-mongoengine
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
imagesize==1.3.0
    # via sphinx
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   sphinx
kanka==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
limits==1.5.1
    # via python-logstash-async
mako==1.1.6
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.14.1
    # via
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   marshmallow-jsonapi
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-model-core
marshmallow-jsonapi==0.24.0
    # via
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
mongoengine==0.23.1
    # via
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
monotonic==1.6
    # via analytics-python
oauthlib==2.1.0
    # via
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   pallets-sphinx-themes
    #   sphinx
pallets-sphinx-themes==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
pylogbeat==2.0.0
    # via python-logstash-async
pymongo[srv,tls]==3.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   mongoengine
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-model-core
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   analytics-python
python-dotenv==0.19.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements/app.in
python-logstash-async==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
pytz==2021.3
    # via babel
pyyaml==6.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
redis==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/app.in
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   analytics-python
    #   kanka
    #   python-logstash-async
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sphinx
requests-oauthlib==1.1.0
    # via flask-oauthlib
rstcheck==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sentry-sdk==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements/app.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   limits
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sphinx==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.in
    #   pallets-sphinx-themes
    #   sphinx-issues
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinxcontrib-log-cabinet
sphinx-issues==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinx-tabs==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-log-cabinet==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==1.4.27
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
sweetrpg-api-core==0.0.46
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
sweetrpg-db==0.0.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
sweetrpg-library-objects==0.0.57
    # via -r requirements/app.in
sweetrpg-model-core==0.0.51
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via flask
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via deprecated
wtforms[email]==3.0.0
    # via
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   flask-wtf

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
